Change content/docs/dev-and-releng/releases/how-to-release-a-project/_index.md by ced0ps at 1705333038 (#203)
giantswarm/handbook: content/docs/dev-and-releng/releases/how-to-release-a-project/_index.md

---
title: How to release a project
description: |
  This document describes the different steps required in order to release
  a new version of a project.
weight: 20
confidentiality: public
---
## Recording

> There is a recording captured on 2020/06/22 which is complementary to this documentation. It can be found 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a recording captured on 2020/06/22 which is complementary to this documentation:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/131rkTO8lk8J0NSqqO4hkBEqySzlkX3TM/view
```

> .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Ensure GitHub workflows

> If you don't want to add the project to `giantswarm/github`, make sure GitHub workflows for creating a new release exist and they are up to date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you won't add the project to `giantswarm/github`, make sure GitHub workflows for creating releases exist and are up to date:
```
